readme.md, before:

# Instructions
- Clone this project into a directory
- Run npm install (This should make a node_modules directory)
- Assuming you have all the prerequisites...
	$ node app.js

# Prerequisites
## Node.js 

- Coffeescript

$ npm install -g coffee-script

- Mocha

$ npm install -g mocha

- Zombie

npm install -g zombie

- ExpectThat

npm install expectThat.mocha

# Testing
Tests use ExpectThat (https://github.com/dmohl/expectThat) for nice assertions, Zombie (http://zombie.labnotes.org/) for a headless browser and Mocha (http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/) to bring it all together

CakeFile has two tasks for tests

$ unit:test and functional:test

$ functional:test needs the node webserver running

# Client side coffeescript. 
There is a CakeFile with a watch method so you can write Coffeescript client side code and have it automagically compile for you.

Put your client files in a "client-coffee" directory in the root folder and add them to the appFiles array in the CakeFile.

# To do
- Make test output not nasty

Commit message:

Replaced YUI compressor with Uglify.js for compressing client side code

readme.md, after:

# CoffeeScript Express

This is a skeleton Node.js web project which has the following features configured

- Express JS web framework for Node.js that you can write in CoffeeScript
- Client side JS compilation into one app file with Uglify.js minification
- Unit testing of CS code with Mocha and ExpectThat
- Functional test of web pages using Zombie.js

## Instructions
- Clone this project into a directory
- Run npm install (This should make a node_modules directory)
- Assuming you have all the prerequisites...
	$ node app.js

## Prerequisites
- Node.js 
- Coffeescript
- Mocha
- Zombie
- ExpectThat
- Uglify JS https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS

#+BEGIN_SRC sh
$ npm install -g coffee-script
$ npm install -g mocha
$ npm install -g zombie
$ npm install -g expectThat.mocha
$ npm install uglify-js
#+END_SRC

## Testing
Tests use ExpectThat (https://github.com/dmohl/expectThat) for nice assertions, Zombie (http://zombie.labnotes.org/) for a headless browser and Mocha (http://visionmedia.github.com/mocha/) to bring it all together

CakeFile has two tasks for tests

$ unit:test and functional:test

$ functional:test needs the node webserver running

## Client side coffeescript. 
There is a CakeFile with a watch method so you can write Coffeescript client side code and have it automagically compile for you.

Put your client files in a "client-coffee" directory in the root folder and add them to the appFiles array in the CakeFile.

##

# To do
- Make test output not nasty
